# Untitled ODT code paper for submission for SoftwareX

## Directories

### codes
This directory stores the code used to generate the raw data. Plotting scripts are not stored here.

### data
This directory stores (i) *raw* data and (ii) the post-processed data and accompanying analysis scripts. This complements the codes directory. 
Whether you store data here or elsewhere, do not store "garbage" data. 
If you discover that the data is bad or that the runs have failed, please delete it.
If you are still developing or debugging, you may have data that is useful but that may not fit with a paper.
Store this data in a separate directory that is clearly named.

*Because this directory can hold a large amount of data, it will be ignored by the git repository.
More information about this directory and how it is backed up is detaled below.*

### figures
This directory stores the paper's figures and/or supplementary information.
This directory should not include analysis scripts or raw data, but rather should only include the data necessary to make plots.
Unlike the data directory, the figures directory *will* be stored in the git repository, so pay attention to the size of files here.

Each figure should be stored in a separate sub-directory within this folder. 
Give the sub-directory the same name as the figure so that the directory name, figure file name, and LaTeX references are all the same.

Inside each figure sub-directory, you will find the figure data, the figure generating script, and the actual figure. 
The figure data may be generated elsewhere and copied here. Include appropriate documentation noting locations and details in a README.

Make figure files with publication-quality tools. Python, Gnuplot and Matlab can all do this, but *Excel cannot*.
Save line plots, x-y scatter plots, bar charts, and line plots in .pdf format. 
Save contour plots, volume renderings, and photos as .png files. 
If you need to draw something (diagram, flow chart, etc.), use a vector drawing program like Inkscape or Adobe Illustrator. 
Powerpoint can also do this; just save the image as a .pdf file.
Do not use a bitmap drawing program like Gimp or Adobe Photoshop.

### manuscript
This directory contains:
- The manuscript LaTeX file: `manuscript.tex`
- Manuscript PDF file: `manuscript.pdf`
- The references .bib file: `references.bib`
- A copy of all of the figures in .pdf format

A number of other build files (e.g. `mauscript.log`, `manuscript.bbl`) will also be generated by LaTeX; they are not included here.

### notes
This directory stores any notes, files, or scripts that you want tracked in the repository but that don't fit elsewhere in the directory structure.

### submissions
This directory tracks different stages of the revision process, including cover letters, submission details, correspondence with co-authors and/or journals, and so on.
